This creates a build for the Crossmatch Sentry device that will work
with the Freescale UUU (Universal Update Utility) using the Freescale UTP 
protocol.

This is a replacement for the now deprecated Freescale MFgTools release
which has been replaced with UUU. MfgTools was a Windows only utility and 
UUU is cross-platform, albeit with a command line interface only.

One of the changes this introduced was using Android's "fastboot" commands
to do a lot of the flash programming which can be done using u-boot only 
over USB. This mode can handle most programming required to bring a unit
up. 

The MfgTools program used a combination of u-boot + kernel + ram-based rootfs
that when started via USB would create a special USB-based gadget interface
that combined a USB Mass Storage gadget with special Freescale UTP extensions
that allowed sending command back/forth over USB. In the case of Sentry, 
this method allowed sending various scripts that could be used to check 
that the EEPROM was programmed with the proper part number for example.

This method is still supported via UUU and the associated "FBK" command but
it requires first loading u-boot and then launching a kernel + ram-based rootfs
using fastboot commands and launching it. At that point it functions similar 
to the way it worked with the MfgTools.

One major difference at least in later kernels is that the Freescale/NXP
USB UTP gadget driver is no longer a separate device. As with most USB 
gadget devices in later Linux Kernels the stand-alone USB gadget drivers 
have now been replaced with dynamically configuring the gadget in user-space 
rather than just hard-coding a particular USB gadget device. This allows
more flexibility as the old method meant that you couldn't easily create
a gadget device that supported more than one function without first removing
whatever was currently being used.

This is supported by the latest imx-uuu toolset which uses a special linuxrc
file to create the proper UTP gadget on the fly. 
See: https://github.com/NXPmicro/imx-uuc.git

NOTE: that UTP might be deprecated in later versions and I'm using a 
particular version, d6afb27e55d73d7ad08cd2dd51c784d8ec9694dc, that I 
know is working with the Sentry 4.14.98 Linux kernel used on 
Sentry Android Pie builds.

